hey guys mortify today today I'm gonna
have a boxing of the Babyliss Pro and
nano 200 these are like the
straighteners way you use your hair if
you have you know little bits to do it's
not like every I would I would advise
you to use eyes for all your hair unless
your personal very very short hair then
this is advisable just to let you know
this not mind if you're wondering
actually bought for not just to making a
video on it and I will be returning this
to Amazon so yeah so I'm just going to
just wanted to make a review and you
know things other things just not like
technology just something to do with you
know hair salon or hair products or
whatever you know okay better so as you
can see we can see that there's our it's
hospital or very actual straighten up
it's all total degrees Celsius Couric
smooth finish multi-voltage for
worldwide use so we can use it in the
world why we want to worry about the
high voltage or is to high voltage to
build a plug up or to low times when you
find handbag size is travel size and
it's for a little touch-up so that's
that is not professional so don't use it
as professional one so as you can see it
has a free a guarantee which is good
everything goes wrong in that in then
period then obviously we can have some
cover for it so the very very nice
put up as you can see but trying to get
this rested to rest up by the way she
went it was happening okay sketch big
open okay so first things have a box we
can see the straighten up which we will
take out and that's basically it that
way basically trash
alright this is the main bit basically
you get to our
straighten up yeah so that's the
straightener my baby that's by the way
to speak so this thing goes wrong in the
day free Priya period aren t you have it
regardless if you buy from Amazon or
wherever even has an on/off switch which
is very good okay so like it feels
really nice in your hand professional
you see baby lifts it doesn't say really
anything just bring the camera up will
show you baby bear roll another it
basically just says the features on it
again and not really you know not only a
big sin didn't think it isn't and say
what don't leave hugged on so you have
to surveillance
you have to be aware that it's not them
ght showing little eternal by themselves
okay so yeah we have to wait some time
so yeah absolutely so not big thing to
step I'll show you now just straight
enough as I can say so yeah I hope you
enjoyed video guys don't forget to give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoy
really enjoy to do and don't forgot do
not forget to subscribe to my channel my
logs in front share video friend like
and comment below bye